docs: add upgrade steps for multi-tenant custer (#10912)
rook/rook: Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster.md

In order to configure an external Ceph cluster with Rook, we need to extract some information in order to connect to that cluster.

> ### 1. Run the python script [create-external-cluster-resources.py](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/deploy/examples/create-external-cluster-resources.py) for creating all users and keys.

Reviewer: Headers should be simple, with details in the paragraph
```suggestion
### 1. Create all users and keys

Run the python script [create-external-cluster-resources.py](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/deploy/examples/create-external-cluster-resources.py) for creating all users and keys.
```

- `--cephfs-data-pool-name`: (optional) Provides the name of the CephFS data pool, used for creating CephFS StorageClass
- `--rados-namespace`: (optional) Divides a pool into separate logical namespaces, used for creating RBD PVC in a RadosNamespaces
- `--subvolume-group`: (optional) Provides the name of the subvolume group, used for creating CephFS PVC in a subvolumeGroup

> Multi-tenancy:

Reviewer: How about moving this section for multi-tenancy down after the "sample run" and before the "upgrades" section? Then the parameter `--restricted-auth-permission` can stay with the other parameters without a paragraph between the parameters.
```suggestion
#### Multi-tenancy
```

> For achieving Multi-tenancy you should run the script with `--restricted-auth-permission` flag and pass the mandatory flags with it,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable multi-tenancy, run the script with the `--restricted-auth-permission` flag and pass the mandatory flags with it,
```

It will generate the secrets which you can use for creating new `Consumer cluster` deployment using the same `Source cluster`(ceph cluster).
So you would be running different isolated consumer clusters on top of single `Source cluster`.

- `--restricted-auth-permission`: (optional) Restrict cephCSIKeyrings auth permissions to specific pools, and cluster. Mandatory flags that need to be set are `--rbd-data-pool-name`, and `--cluster-name`. `--cephfs-filesystem-name` flag can also be passed in case of CephFS user restriction, so it can restrict users to particular CephFS filesystem.

!!! note
    Restricting the csi-users per pool, and per cluster will require creating new csi-users and new secrets for that csi-users.
    So apply these secrets only to new `Consumer cluster` deployment while using the same `Source cluster`.

>     Sample run:

Reviewer: Header? 
```suggestion
#### Sample run
```

    ```console
    python3 create-external-cluster-resources.py --cephfs-filesystem-name <filesystem-name> --rbd-data-pool-name <pool_name> --cluster-name <cluster-name> --restricted-auth-permission true --format <bash> --rgw-endpoint <rgw_endpoin> --namespace <rook-ceph-external>
    ```

> Upgrades:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Upgrades
```

- `--upgrade`: (optional) Upgrades the 'Ceph CSI keyrings (For example: client.csi-cephfs-provisioner) with new permissions needed for the new cluster version and older permission will still be applied.
- `--restricted-auth-permission`: (optional) Restrict cephCSIKeyrings auth permissions to specific pools, and cluster. Mandatory flags that need to be set are `--rbd-data-pool-name`, and `--cluster-name`. `--cephfs-filesystem-name` flag can also be passed in case of CephFS user restriction, so it can restrict users to particular CephFS filesystem.

#### Multi-tenancy

To enable multi-tenancy, run the script with the `--restricted-auth-permission` flag and pass the mandatory flags with it,
It will generate the secrets which you can use for creating new `Consumer cluster` deployment using the same `Source cluster`(ceph cluster).
So you would be running different isolated consumer clusters on top of single `Source cluster`.

!!! note
    Restricting the csi-users per pool, and per cluster will require creating new csi-users and new secrets for that csi-users.
    So apply these secrets only to new `Consumer cluster` deployment while using the same `Source cluster`.

> #### Sample run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Sample run
```

```

#### Upgrade Sample Run

1) If consumer cluster doesn't have restricted caps,This will upgrade all the default csi-users(non-restricted):
```console
python3 create-external-cluster-resources.py --upgrade
```

2) If the consumer cluster has restricted caps:
Restricted users created using --restricted-auth-permission flag (For example: client.csi-rbd-node-rookStorage-replicapool) need to pass mandatory flags: '--rbd-data-pool-name(if it is a rbd user), --cluster-name and --run-as-user' flags while upgrading, in case of cephfs users if you have passed --cephfs-filesystem-name flag while creating csi-users then while upgrading it will be mandatory too

```console
python3 create-external-cluster-resources.py --upgrade --rbd-data-pool-name replicapool --cluster-name rookstorage --run-as-user client.csi-rbd-node-rookStorage-replicapool
```

!!! note
    An existing non-restricted user cannot be converted to a restricted user by upgrading.
    The upgrade flag should only be used to append new permissions to users. It shouldn't be used for changing a csi user already applied permissions. For example, you shouldn't change the pool(s) a user has access to.

> ### 2. Copy the bash output.

Reviewer: Headers don't need punctuation
```suggestion
### 2. Copy the bash output
```

#### Multi-tenancy

To enable multi-tenancy, run the script with the `--restricted-auth-permission` flag and pass the mandatory flags with it,
It will generate the secrets which you can use for creating new `Consumer cluster` deployment using the same `Source cluster`(ceph cluster).
So you would be running different isolated consumer clusters on top of single `Source cluster`.

!!! note
    Restricting the csi-users per pool, and per cluster will require creating new csi-users and new secrets for that csi-users.
    So apply these secrets only to new `Consumer cluster` deployment while using the same `Source cluster`.

#### Sample run

```console
python3 create-external-cluster-resources.py --cephfs-filesystem-name <filesystem-name> --rbd-data-pool-name <pool_name> --cluster-name <cluster-name> --restricted-auth-permission true --format <bash> --rgw-endpoint <rgw_endpoin> --namespace <rook-ceph-external>
```

#### Upgrade Sample Run

> 1) If consumer cluster doesn't have restricted caps,This will upgrade all the default csi-users(non-restricted):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) If consumer cluster doesn't have restricted caps, this will upgrade all the default csi-users (non-restricted):
```

```console
python3 create-external-cluster-resources.py --upgrade
```

2) If the consumer cluster has restricted caps:

> Restricted users created using --restricted-auth-permission flag (For example: client.csi-rbd-node-rookStorage-replicapool) need to pass mandatory flags: '--rbd-data-pool-name(if it is a rbd user), --cluster-name and --run-as-user' flags while upgrading, in case of cephfs users if you have passed --cephfs-filesystem-name flag while creating csi-users then while upgrading it will be mandatory too

Reviewer: I don't understand this example, is there a typo in "(For example: client.csi-rbd-node-rookStorage-replicapool)"?
```suggestion
Restricted users created using `--restricted-auth-permission` flag (For example: client.csi-rbd-node-rookStorage-replicapool) need to pass mandatory flags: '--rbd-data-pool-name` (if it is a rbd user), `--cluster-name` and `--run-as-user' flags while upgrading, in case of cephfs users if you have passed `--cephfs-filesystem-name` flag while creating csi-users then while upgrading it will be mandatory too
```

> Restricted users created using `--restricted-auth-permission` flag (For example: client.csi-rbd-node-rookStorage-replicapool) need to pass mandatory flags: '`--rbd-data-pool-name`(if it is a rbd user), `--cluster-name` and `--run-as-user`' flags while upgrading, in case of cephfs users if you have passed `--cephfs-filesystem-name` flag while creating csi-users then while upgrading it will be mandatory too

Reviewer: > The restricted auth user will look like this csi-user-clusterName-poolName. (For example: client.csi-rbd-node-rookStorage-replicapool)

How about mentioning this pattern? It will help understand where the long username comes from. Also, let's consistently use lower-case for the cluster name (rookstorage instead of rookStorage).

```suggestion
Restricted users created using `--restricted-auth-permission` flag (For example: client.csi-rbd-node-rookstorage-replicapool) need to pass mandatory flags: '`--rbd-data-pool-name` (if it is a rbd user), `--cluster-name` and `--run-as-user`' flags while upgrading, in case of cephfs users if you have passed `--cephfs-filesystem-name` flag while creating csi-users then while upgrading it will be mandatory too
```

> Restricted users created using `--restricted-auth-permission` flag (For example: client.csi-rbd-node-rookstorage-replicapool(csi-user-clusterName-poolName)) need to pass mandatory flags: '`--rbd-data-pool-name`(if it is a rbd user), `--cluster-name` and `--run-as-user`' flags while upgrading, in case of cephfs users if you have passed `--cephfs-filesystem-name` flag while creating csi-users then while upgrading it will be mandatory too

Author: Done

```console

> python3 create-external-cluster-resources.py --upgrade --rbd-data-pool-name replicapool --cluster-name rookstorage --run-as-user client.csi-rbd-node-rookStorage-replicapool

Reviewer: There are a few places for rookStorage to update, I didn't comment on all of them
```suggestion
python3 create-external-cluster-resources.py --upgrade --rbd-data-pool-name replicapool --cluster-name rookstorage --run-as-user client.csi-rbd-node-rookstorage-replicapool
```

Author: Thanks, the lowercase is mandatory, for csi user

Script has a check which checks it before creating it

!!! note
    Restricting the csi-users per pool, and per cluster will require creating new csi-users and new secrets for that csi-users.
    So apply these secrets only to new `Consumer cluster` deployment while using the same `Source cluster`.

#### Sample run:
    ```console
    python3 create-external-cluster-resources.py --cephfs-filesystem-name <filesystem-name> --rbd-data-pool-name <pool_name> --cluster-name <cluster-name> --restricted-auth-permission true --format <bash> --rgw-endpoint <rgw_endpoin> --namespace <rook-ceph-external>
    ```

#### Multi-tenancy
        To enable multi-tenancy, run the script with the `--restricted-auth-permission` flag and pass the mandatory flags with it,
        It will generate the secrets which you can use for creating new `Consumer cluster` deployment using the same `Source cluster`(ceph cluster).
        So you would be running different isolated consumer clusters on top of single `Source cluster`.

#### Upgrades

> - `--upgrade`: (optional) Upgrades the 'Ceph CSI keyrings (For example: client.csi-cephfs-provisioner) with new permissions needed for the new cluster version and older permission will still be applied.

Reviewer: This --upgrade flag would be best moved above with all the other flags. Then the sample run just stays here.

> 1) If consumer cluster doesn't have restricted caps:

Reviewer: Move this line down under the sample run header

> #### Sample run

Reviewer: Name the sample runs in the header
```suggestion
#### Upgrade Sample Run
```

    ```console
    python3 create-external-cluster-resources.py --upgrade
    ```
    This will upgrade all the default csi-users(non-restricted)

2) If the consumer cluster has restricted caps:
    Restricted users created using --restricted-auth-permission flag (For example: client.csi-rbd-node-rookStorage-replicapool) need to pass mandatory flags: '--rbd-data-pool-name(if it is a rbd user), --cluster-name and --run-as-user' flags while upgrading, in case of cephfs users if you have passed --cephfs-filesystem-name flag while creating csi-users then while upgrading it will be mandatory too

> #### Sample run

Author: okay

    ```

!!! note
    An existing non-restricted user cannot be converted to a restricted user by upgrading.
    The upgrade flag should only be used to append new permissions to users. It shouldn't be used for changing a csi user already applied permissions. For example, you shouldn't change the pool(s) a user has access to.

> 2. Copy the bash output.

Reviewer: Step 1 (above on line 31), and step 2 here should really be headers. There is a lot in each of the sections.
```suggestion
### 2. Copy the bash output.
```
